first customers of the night are
responding well to the new menu but even
good food can't impress everybody
[Music]
doesn't like any of the food here I am
now in this pinnacle moment and I start
hearing the complaints it was almost too
bad to be true I need you need to get
feedback from me okay mistake was to
talk after Gordon sees nothing is wrong
with the food he decides it's time to
stick up for his young Chefs you take a
seed and just sit down and try to joy to
the coffee okay good unfortunately
you're talking out your rear why don't
you just sit down stop trying to cause
trouble it's a half hour into dinner
service and the new fresh seafood
specials are a popular choice I'm gonna
put said fish chowder atsuku chunky as
the tickets pile in three special salmon
in a chowder the challenge now is
getting the fool
god I need those special semen willow
special wipes I'd call for stuff and
they be not listening to my organization
and what I wanted to have come up to the
hotplate one piece of salmon did you
season it with salt like I said oh [ __ ]
you did I need it yesterday get it done
not one table came out of this kitchen
completed yet come on it's so
frustrating looking at the cooks behind
the line because they don't actually
give a damn
so Aaron's got his work cut out and you
can't work with that Deadwood no chance
with Aaron's orders falling on deaf ears
I'm dying dying for those Alfredo's very
little food has left the kitchen
look you guys it didn't say cheese on
the ticket I can't have cheese on the
burger what are we gonna do we gotta fix
this I don't know nothing the waiting
forever for food no time to go very
special I need a new bond for this kid
burger please
hands on a new bond I know Aaron and
look at me he's got to do it yeah you
can't whop up fold them can we run that
come right back for that kid burger
please
[Music]
the place to go going down in flames
the tickets are backed up nothing's
coming out it turned into a total
disaster
Timmy and chef Frances just another
customer I mean as far as he likes my
food we're gonna get on just fine the
fella
good to go walking up nothing he's gonna
love the salad it's a girl lettuce I
mean can't go wrong grilled salad
in his grill he's still amazed I'm short
I've never thought about it but it's
true like wait why are we grilling but
it sorry for interrupting
just three seconds but this is the first
for me a grilled Caesar salad delivers
the HD grill the lettuce can you just
show a hand if anyone else has ever had
a grilled Caesar salad before anybody
here ladies no oh geez I always get
nervous when a chef says with a butter
lettuce when you've got the butt of an
essence on you can never clean the
letters properly and unfortunately it's
not very nice inside
dry chicken the salad looks hideous
Jesus I was just gonna keep trying to
put the food out so we started making
the burgers on sourdough bread then
using the frozen french fries in the
frozen ground beef in an effort to make
good on the orders a desperate kitchen
staff lowers its standards and starts
delivering cheap substitutes that is all
we have is a bun and the disappointment
combined with the long wait is too much
for one customer to bear
[Music]
what is that pile of [ __ ] what's that
for the special burger
what whoa hey guys why is that burger on
there the process one John why do the 86
it when I said take it off Graham got
the right buns we should be serving it
and what's the point in lowering the
standard just to keep it on it doesn't
make [ __ ] sense he's afraid of pink
sorry I got two paper plates around
security how do you eat a toast such a
shame because I got off to a really good
start but then Tandon started dropping
but John and Rick accepted the standards
dropping and they just were happy to
send slop so a real Saturn into dealing
because right now we're back to square
one should be ashamed I busted my balls
all day today thinking of a way of
marketing this place and putting it back
on the map
[ __ ] it can't do it
I'm not gonna do anything it's I'm a
hundred percent convinced that you guys
are ready to turn the corner I seriously
want to help I need to know from each
every one of you that you're ready to
commit I'm ready to commit
okay see in the morning I'm here early
looking for a little relief from the
intensity of the kitchen Joe takes a
stroll into the dining room
how's it going guys everyone the
restaurant the same full-time he's like
Houdini he's not around
and you have to pick up the slack with
gene left alone in the kitchen
orders are backed up and customers are
now experiencing what Campania used to
be known for slow service just had to do
a lot of things differently tonight
everything would just took a while to
come out I can't even breathe right out
everyone's waiting for two hours for
their food
[Music]
they don't understand what's taking so
long
[ __ ] [ __ ] guys what's going on
I don't I was out at the table they had
a complaint they waited a long time they
weren't happy with the food I'm sorry
at that point you know I really didn't
want to be in that position and I was
really just trying to back away from the
table the [ __ ] past is going in while
gene puts out fires in the kitchen the
angry customer is making her way to the
front of the restaurant and is now
complaining in front of Joe's mom
well somebody else had the fish and it
tasted like pond water listen to this
which I want to go strangle I was so
aggravated I was so upset you know that
somebody would do that to my son
well Joe could not defuse the situation
with the unhappy customer shockingly a
less than sober but satisfied customer
comes to the defense of Campania
[Music]
oh sorry I'd like to have it just a
little bit more done yeah what's the
matter he says well see awesome accent a
little more
I'll it over what's wrong on it cold in
the middle okay put in the microwave put
in microwave put it up in there
[Music]
with food now coming back it's a perfect
opportunity for Gordon to witness
Sammy's customer service skills so can
we make you another one will you wait or
you don't wait the thing is I don't want
you to stick it back in a microwave no
we're gonna throw them out make you new
and nobody's talking about microwave
you're the ones talking on microwave
they came out of a microwave otherwise
they won't be like thanks zooty you do
work for a microwave company you know so
much about microwave
[Music]
on blue tulta kite tell me what your
microwave
[Music]
not this lady wonder a free meal or
whatever I thought it was a total
nightmare I kept my composure I wanted a
killer
and I did Oh your fault lamb is tough
even [ __ ] tools to work with of course
you're gonna create [ __ ] food there's a
landmark to come on Carly you know no
more chances oh my god I just wanted to
pick her up and throw her out
there's a a right way and a wrong way of
handling something like that and she was
totally wrong
[Music]
I wanna apologize I don't give a [ __ ]
let it go sick of it
go out I'm actually really embarrassed
that he that he made a scene with one of
the customers to my regardless of what
happened the customer is always right in
a customer service business so [ __ ]
Manson sucks
I'm like so upset inside [ __ ] the
fuelling gaining tonight I don't like a
jerk-off for this [ __ ] the real job
tonight you know some bullies make him
on a shuttle reading [ __ ] down and
forget it I don't really give a [ __ ]
alright look what I got what someone
Sonia Sonia
when was it assign you mate last
Thursday and today's Thursday right
correct
[Music]
vii stuff from a week ago help me to
understand that that's chupa decision
that's a bad thing
who's on it's all done fresh cooked and
we'll wrap the portions up separately
don't put them in the freezer it works
is the best was on you're going to get
it's a special right yes it okay so how
the [ __ ] is that special in your tiny
mind when it's cooked a week ago I'm
telling you have a tiny mind it can't be
that special if you gonna stand here
tell me that it's special the product is
good Darrell runs his kitchen with 90
percent bravado and you know the other
10% he just wings in this is a good
product this is good food my gosh get
worse
yeah he's a tough nut your expediter so
we have a special today when do you
think that lasagna was made today
homemade lasagna right last Thursday how
could it be that special ways from a
week ago well you know it's frozen so
it's not like sitting there get nailed
you want it and a customer's math we
love the lasagna I don't think that's
our biggest issue is lasagna I mean if
that's absolutely incorrect what you
think they would feel like if you told
them today's special was cooked a week
ago frozen hell no I mean I'm sure they
would probably be surprised that it was
so good and that it was made last week
on frozen schuble don't you two walk
with you I know I'm not gonna stand up
and shout oh really
[Music]
when you come out of restaurants and you
read today's specials for instance stay
beautiful homemade lasagna would you
expect that let's I need to be made
today ladies anyone how many of you have
ordered lasagna how would you feel if I
told you all that
today's Lysanias been served was made a
week ago
my apologies to those that have ordered
the lasagna have a look at the potential
other specials one of a t thank you this
is humiliating
but it's absolutely better of course
when it's fresh in it serve right out of
the pan but it's not horrible
I just told the customers it's labor
samuel was reheated from a week ago
the feedback was shock horror 86 a
lasagna yes sir yeah with Chef Ramsay's
announcement fresh in their minds okay
customers have seemed to have lost their
appetite how would you feel if I told
you all that needle